Release updates mc RELEASE.2022-11-07T23-47-39Z (#640)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc-admin/mc-admin-rebalance.rst

.. _minio-mc-admin-rebalance:

======================
``mc admin rebalance``
======================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: mc admin rebalance

Permission
----------

This command requires that the user performing it have the :policy-action:`admin:Rebalance` :ref:`policy action <minio-policy>` for the deployment.

Description
-----------

.. start-mc-admin-rebalance-desc

> The :mc-cmd:`mc admin rebalance` command allows for objects to move from pools with less free space to pools with more free space, rebalancing the storage across pools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mc-cmd:`mc admin rebalance` command start, monitor, or stop a rebalancing operation on a MinIO deployment. Rebalancing redistributes objects across all pools in the deployment.
```

Reviewer: "allows" sounds more passive, this is an active operation (is it a blocking one?)

Author: Reworked, checking on wither a rebalance blocks other activity.

Author: Rebalance runs in parallel, but recommendation is to run only with available cycles. Noted in doc.
